Rob and I are on very similar
wavelengths I think from the first time
we sat down and worked out the storyline
we found out who both had similar ideas
as to how we could make it work on what
we would have gotten by setting on earth
and changing it to now and this sort of
thing a lot of the idea sort of
dovetailed into each other as the script
editor are therefore had a pretty fair
idea of what Nick had in mind from what
he was writing what I was rewriting and
sending back so that meant I had a
pretty firm grasp of most of what was
going on yeah course some of the early
drafts of the power script look very
very different very different
streamlining the script after after that
the first region of the first will drop
is basically to just junk the first 15
minutes more or less and also to take
evolve minh tam unit out a lot more
because unit was originally going to
arrive on the island in force which
would be lovely but we just couldn't do
it there wasn't the time but yeah the
first 15 minutes introduced the
characters on the island quite a bit
more and introduced the concept which
was in the original script was that they
were actually mining for something
specific Oh
coercion so we are so with the taking
those two chunks out more or less goes
to the right length in a way it
sharpened is it mate i think it made it
it made it quicker and PC era and I
think that benefited it wasn't sass
broad power is certainly more
reminiscent in its style of shooting
style of the current serious than the
previous it's probably sort of a hybrid
between what show does now what the show
was doing in sebastopol coinies last
sort of service but even in those days
you did a lot of rehearsals before going
studios and here we literally rehearse
for called as as it's done now on the
shaft so the actors got a chance to sort
of walk through their blocking in doing
but it will rehearsal with with me
whilst we were setting up in the
location in getting pretty lit it was a
very enjoyable creative process getting
from what would have essentially been a
sort of edited down version of very much
the original story to something that has
become a hybrid reimagining I can't one
actually started writing script it was
certainly very early this year but we
flipped very March time we started so by
the time it's finished it'll be at least
a year having been working on it
positive lock
you